fix(curriculum): correct incorrect verb form (#67149)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/learn-how-to-use-adjectives-in-conversations/681cb82d3b4e650667b8e3b9.md

`Emphasizing` means giving more focus, and `how essential` means how necessary or important something is.

> This means she wants Jake to clearly show why the features matter.

Reviewer: "These" refers to the key words in the previous paragraph (`emphasizing` and `how essential`).

```suggestion
These mean she wants Jake to clearly show why the features matter.
```
